legend tells of a lost species a link
between man and beast for centuries he's
lived in hiding but at long last he's
reaching out and ready to be found
[Music]
excuse me hi you can speak yes and I
write as well my penmanship isn't great
but you know opposable thumbs and that
fingers you know
meet mr. Ling you know like missing link
ah wait I don't get it Oh creature of
enormous stature
eight feet tall 650 pounds more like you
know 630 pounds no it's it's the hair
that makes me look heavier I think it's
it's a little deceptive it to be
frustrating these are links to our past
Oh of connection to our present oh and
upgrades to the future oh wait a second
I said oh like I knew what you were
talking about but I don't well I'm on
that this spring on the other side of
the world are my cousins take me there
I know the secret ways to the mountains
is it hard to hear the old names crack
open the window oh that's better
the search for he's kind I'll bring back
proof of the greatest discovery of the
century will become an adventure
of mythical proportions
quick quick quick someone should give
her the kiss of life you're the man for
the job
how's my breath here's the missing link
throw me out of the pit I think you
might be a little too heavy nonsense now
give it all you've got
oh it's hard to know whose fault that
was let's do it again
[Music]